# CS370ProjectTwo-DNN

### Brief Explanation

- The code provided for this project included a skeleton maze pathfinding pirate-game which included a board with different states, along with valid actions and placements on the board for a specific agent to occupy. An agent was allowed to make a single action in any space connected to their current space in all directions, and was limited to the size of the board and whether the space was valid or not (meaning blocked). This application used a DNN model with Q-Learning to teach an agent the shortest and most efficient path for a goal space on a the maze. The agent would consider all current actions available and assess the reward based on a given space in relation to the goal or objective. Each space was associated with it's own reward. Q learning was used here for memorization and recalling previous actions in order to make intelligent decisions. Once the actions had been made for a specific playthrough the model would then train on that specific game's performance and store it's actions in a memory corpus. This was repeated multiple times until the efficiency of winning became 100%. The overall results led the pirate to finding and winning the maze 100% of the time after training for ~30 minutes. Improvments to the model can be made but through my experience with developing this agent I found this to be the most effective.

### Computer Scientist && Approaching Problems

- Computer Scientists analyze, assess, design, and innovate from modern problems and turn them into solutions through sofwtare. These steps all involve assessing a situation in an intelligent manner, and is why Artificial Intelligence and Neural Networks are now becoming so innovative and popular for intelligent software solutions. Problem solving in computer science involves fulling considering various aspects to a situation or a problem and designing the best possible solution given all factors in a situation or equation in order to develop a stable answer, product, or solution for users, consumers, or the industry. Ethical responsibilities involve understanding the social, ethical, political, and privacy concerns involved when designing a piece of software. It's important to thoroughly understand the long-term and short-term implications and effects of designing a piece of sofware through the use of artificial intelligence and software since the impact is generally on a grander scale then what can be conceptualized and could greatly effect the future use of that information or product.
